README.md, before:

# Alfred

My daily driver shell scripts

## Installation

```sh
git clone https://github.com/salman-abedin/alfred.git && cd alfred && sudo make install
```

## Usage

| Command                                 | Effects                                                                  |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `compile [--clean]`                     | Compiles & Cleans development leftovers of a file based on its extension |
| `extract [--clean]`                     | Extract & Cleans an archive based on its extension                       |
| `connected`                             | Checks if wifi & internet is up or not                                   |
| `setplayer [next,prev,toggle]`          | Controls Spotify & mpd music                                             |
| `preview`                               | Previewer script for lf                                                  |
| `launch --devour`                       | xdg-open alternative combined with terminal swallowing                   |
| `launch --link`                         | Launches programs based on url                                           |
| `launch --choose`                       | Shows a dmenu prompt to pick launch programs                             |
| `toggle --wifi`                         | Toggles wifi using **iwd** daemon                                        |
| `toggle --wall-reel`                    | Toggles periodic background changing                                     |
| `toggle --noti`                         | Toggles do not disturb mode using **dunst**                              |
| `watchmen`                              | Monitors specific directories for particular changes and runs commands   |
| `battery --block-charge`                | Blocks charging at high capacity for battery longevity                   |
| `battery --monitor`                     | Cron script to monitor battery level & act accordingly                   |
| `battery --plugged`                     | Udev script to notify on plugging/unplugging                             |
| `setdisplay --dpi`                      | Sets the correct DPI for my display resolution                           |
| `setdisplay --bg shuffle`               | Shuffles my background                                                   |
| `setdisplay --bg toggle-reel`           | Toggles periodic background changing                                     |
| `mirror --phone`                        | Syncs my phone & local files via wifi                                    |
| `mirror --arch`                         | Syncs all my packages                                                    |
| `mirror --git`                          | Syncs all my repositories                                                |
| `mirror --mail`                         | Syncs my mails                                                           |
| `panel --date-time`                     | Generates date & time panel module                                       |
| `panel --wifi`                          | Generates wifi link strength panel module                                |
| `panel --mailbox`                       | Generates unread mail count panel module                                 |
| `panel --noti-stat`                     | Generates notification on/off status panel module                        |
| `panel --vol-stat`                      | Generates volume level panel module                                      |
| `panel --sys-stat`                      | Generates system temperature, cpu load & memory status panel module      |
| `torrent --add`                         | Adds torrent to transmission and notifies                                |
| `torrent --downloaded`                  | Notifies when a torrent gets downloaded                                  |
| `checkstorage <PATH1> <THRESHOLD1> ...` | Notifies on low storage level                                            |

## More highlights

-  **FFmpeg scripts**

   -  Videos joiner & trimmer
   -  Volume reducer
   -  Music adder
   -  GIF maker
   -  Screenshotter

-  **Recording**

   -  Screenshot
   -  Screencast
   -  Audio
   -  Webcam

-  Google drive syncing
-  Instant googleing
-  Bluetooth headset connect
-  Update local git repos
-  Make bootable USB (linux & windows (for normies!))
-  TTF to Groff font converter
-  And much more

## Uninstallation

```sh
sudo make uninstall
```

Commit message:

Added qmedia script
Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

Added qmedia script

README.md, after:

# Alfred

My daily driver shell scripts

## Installation

```sh
git clone https://github.com/salman-abedin/alfred.git && cd alfred && sudo make install
```

## Usage

| Command                                 | Effects                                                                  |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `compile [--clean]`                     | Compiles & Cleans development leftovers of a file based on its extension |
| `extract [--clean]`                     | Extract & Cleans an archive based on its extension                       |
| `connected`                             | Checks if wifi & internet is up or not                                   |
| `setplayer [next,prev,toggle]`          | Controls Spotify & mpd music                                             |
| `preview`                               | Previewer script for **lf**                                              |
| `launch --devour`                       | xdg-open alternative combined with terminal swallowing                   |
| `launch --link`                         | Launches programs based on url                                           |
| `launch --choose`                       | Shows a dmenu prompt to pick launch programs                             |
| `toggle --wifi`                         | Toggles wifi using **iwd** daemon                                        |
| `toggle --wall-reel`                    | Toggles periodic background changing                                     |
| `toggle --noti`                         | Toggles do not disturb mode using **dunst**                              |
| `watchmen`                              | Monitors specific directories for particular changes and runs commands   |
| `battery --block-charge`                | Blocks charging at high capacity for battery longevity                   |
| `battery --monitor`                     | Cron script to monitor battery level & act accordingly                   |
| `battery --plugged`                     | Udev script to notify on plugging/unplugging                             |
| `setdisplay --dpi`                      | Sets the correct DPI for my display resolution                           |
| `setdisplay --bg shuffle`               | Shuffles my background                                                   |
| `mirror --phone`                        | Syncs my phone & local files via wifi                                    |
| `mirror --arch`                         | Syncs all my packages                                                    |
| `mirror --git`                          | Syncs all my repositories                                                |
| `mirror --mail`                         | Syncs my mails                                                           |
| `panel --date-time`                     | Generates date & time panel module                                       |
| `panel --wifi`                          | Generates wifi link strength panel module                                |
| `panel --mailbox`                       | Generates unread mail count panel module                                 |
| `panel --noti-stat`                     | Generates notification on/off status panel module                        |
| `panel --vol-stat`                      | Generates volume level panel module                                      |
| `panel --sys-stat`                      | Generates system temperature, cpu load & memory status panel module      |
| `torrent --add`                         | Adds torrent to transmission and notifies                                |
| `torrent --downloaded`                  | Notifies when a torrent gets downloaded                                  |
| `checkstorage <PATH1> <THRESHOLD1> ...` | Notifies on low storage level                                            |
| `qmedia [FILE]`                         | Queues up a file on mpv                                                  |

## More highlights

-  **FFmpeg scripts**

   -  Videos joiner & trimmer
   -  Volume reducer
   -  Music adder
   -  GIF maker
   -  Screenshotter

-  **Recording**

   -  Screenshot
   -  Screencast
   -  Audio
   -  Webcam

-  Google drive syncing
-  Instant googleing
-  Bluetooth headset connect
-  Update local git repos
-  Make bootable USB (linux & windows (for normies!))
-  TTF to Groff font converter
-  And much more

## Uninstallation

```sh
sudo make uninstall
```
